# Distributed Algorithms Project 2019 SM1
## Coding criteria
Code quality, application logic, distributed algorithm and difficulty of the implemented algorithm. The weighting is 3/4/4/4 respectively.
## Description
Implementation details are the choice of the students. The purpose of the implementation is to demonstrate that you have implemented the chosen algorithm(s) in a realistic setting. The setting should be of the nature of a multi-player computer game where different users can provide independently input. However, you are free to choose whatever you like for your application. For example, you could be demonstrating things such as deadlock resolution or event ordering if you chose one of these topics. The graphics of the application is not the focus of the implementation although good graphics always help with presentations. The main focus of the implementations is the experiment with the chosen algorithm(s). Some part of the implementation, such as graphics components, can use libraries built by companies but the chosen algorithm(s) should be done solely by the efforts of the team. Teams should consider topics they like and have a feeling on what they will show in the demo. Students could contemplate picking a topic early in the semester. A quick search on Google and a quick look at the textbook will give an idea about the topic. Students are encouraged to discuss possible topics with the lecturer. At the start of the semester students are not expected to know the details of their topics, but they should have an interest in studying it.
